[doc] Fix typo (#3798)
taichi-dev/taichi: CONTRIBUTING.md

Issues marked with ["welcome contribution"](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22welcome+contribution%22) are great places for starters. You can quickly get an idea of the entire workflow and how to join the community.

> **RFC**: We use the `RFC` (Request for Comments) mechanism to discuss and organize some of the more advanced and self-contained features. These are the projects that we would like to work on but still lack a concrete design or implementation roadmap for their complexity. We document these requests and the threaded proposals in the hope that we could provide the community with a good enough context and draw upon insights from the potentially passionate minds. You can find all the ongoing RFCs [here](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3ARFC+), and you are also welcome to file new RFCs with us!

Reviewer: Choosing between "because of" and "for", I feel like "because of" is clearer here, given "for" has so many different meanings under different contexts. WDYT? @Vissidarte-Herman :-)

Reviewer 2: Hahaha. Finally, I have a chance to prove you are misled!!!

"We still lack a concrete design or implementation roadmap for **these projects**.". The "for" here does not suggest a causal relationship.

Reviewer 2: Oops. I originally suggested "These are the projects that we would like to work on but still lack a concrete design or implementation roadmap for because of their complexity."

Reviewer: I see. Thanks for the clarification. Does it make sense to add a "," between "for" and "because of" then, for better clarity?

Reviewer: > "These are the projects that we would like to work on but still lack a decent design or implementation roadmap for (because of their complexity)."
> This is the best from my end. WDYT?

Sounds great!

> **RFC**: We use the `RFC` (Request for Comments) mechanism to discuss and organize some of the more advanced and self-contained features. These are the projects that we would like to work on but still lack a concrete design or implementation roadmap for their complexity. We document these requests and the threaded proposals in the hope that we could provide the community with a good enough context and draw upon insights from the potentially passionate minds. You can find all the ongoing RFCs [here](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3ARFC+), and you are also welcome to file new RFCs with us!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**RFC**: We use the `RFC` (Request for Comments) mechanism to discuss and organize some of the more advanced and self-contained features. These are the projects that we would like to work on but still lack a decent design or implementation roadmap for (because of their complexity). We document these requests and the threaded proposals in the hope that we could provide the community with a good enough context and draw upon insights from the potentially passionate minds. You can find all the ongoing RFCs [here](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3ARFC+), and you are also welcome to file new RFCs with us!
```

Author: What's "for" for? Lack? In that case how about "lack for a design or impl roadmap"?

Reviewer 2: Hmm, nope. 
- The "for" I suggested is used to complete the that-modifying clause: It modifies the preceding noun phrase "a decent design or implementation roadmap". In other words, I think you want to say that "we lack a decent design or implementation roadmap **FOR** these projects.
- Although "lack for" is grammatically correct, it didn't solve the above issue (which is to complete the that-modifying clause).
